My daughter blames me for being too cruel back then
Kicked you and your mother out of the gun
Is that all?
Ah no I shouldn't
Infidelity in marriage
Jiang Hongda, my mother loves you so much, but you betray him
I'll never forgive you for that
The Jiang family went bankrupt and closed down irretrievably
You also taste the taste of not having a home
You made up your mind not to forgive me
And made me kneel
Can't I just tease you?
Retribution, this is the retribution I deserve.
What kind of garlic are you packing here?
If it weren't for Mr. Gu
What do you think you are?
Then my boyfriend just became the richest man
Piss you off
It's all your fault if you hadn't seduced me back then
How will our guns go bankrupt?
I'll kill you.
To fight out
Don't dirty my office.
Come with me!
Thank you for helping me today.
Now only Jiang Xue is left, and I will vent my anger for you.
Mom, Shen Ting, Mom wants to see Cai Cai